OpenVINO CPU extensions: custom operations support (#481)
openvinotoolkit/openvino_contrib: README.md

* [**arm_plugin**](./modules/arm_plugin): ARM CPU Plugin -- allows to perform deep neural networks inference on ARM CPUs, using OpenVINO API.
* [**nvidia_plugin**](./modules/nvidia_plugin): NVIDIA GPU Plugin -- allows to perform deep neural networks inference on NVIDIA GPUs using CUDA, using OpenVINO API.
* [**java_api**](./modules/java_api): Inference Engine Java API -- provides Java wrappers for Inference Engine public API.
* [**mo_pytorch**](./modules/mo_pytorch): PyTorch extensions for Model Optimizer -- native PyTorch to OpenVINO IR converter.
* [**optimum**](./modules/optimum): Optimum OpenVINO -- Python extension for Hugging Face [Transformers](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers) including runtime and NNCF quantization.
* [**Azure Video Analyzer**](./modules/ovms_ai_extension/): Azure Video Analyzer Extension -- enables exchange of video frames and inference results between [Azure Video Analyzer (AVA)](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-video-analyzer/video-analyzer-docs/overview) and OpenVINO™ Model Server.

> * [**custom_operations**](./modules/custom_operations/): Collection of Custom Operations -- allows to support Custom Operations with OpenVINO Extensibility Mechanism.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [**custom_operations**](./modules/custom_operations/): Collection of Custom Operations -- implement Custom Operations with OpenVINO Extensibility Mechanism.
```
